[Music]
next is known as the pasta whisperer
you're about to find out why his new
cookbook is called Americans full ye
know he is here to whisper sweet
nothings to some tagliatelle please
welcome chef Evan foggy hello chef first
tell us about this your educational oh
my goodness well if anybody gets out of
line this is free is that tennis coach
Plus made you this beautiful sleeve
thanks John thank you ocular who loves
pasta okay reasonable person in the
world every reasonable person correct
right all right so check it out yeah I
make pasta by hand with a stick and a
table all right who does that help
anybody yeah you cook a lot right I love
to cook yeah eat I eat I give oh yeah
all right let me grab that all right so
this is the matter look this is that
I'll get it what is mozzarella me stick
okay all right so we've got some egg
dough here right double zero flour whole
eggs that's beautiful how many eggs are
in that dough this is like four so if we
have like four people coming over you
need four eggs and 400 grams of flour
it's so yellow they must be really good
a they are the best things they can
possibly find that's the thing about
Italian food is that kind of have to
like source the best ingredients and
then try not to screw it up and you
learn how to do this specifically from a
woman named Alessandro speciale Vecchio
scrollable in years they and I moved to
Bologna and oh seven you want to try
this or what I will sure okay
I mean I'm not gonna bite so I want a
roll treat your hand is like a real well
uh-huh let it roll push with the palms
pull it back with the fingers just about
that Pat thing you had going on
put that on this journey all you do is
just turn okay ready all right all right
okay
now it looks a little bit like a pizza
you got it looks like the Sun it's quite
beautiful okay yeah nothing makes you
feel more like a child than this oh the
monkey can roll go all right so when do
you want to give it a shot yeah much
more elegant yeah yeah
all right so magic of television they
have dead early okay so let's slide this
one this is good too in case you know
what tries to steal your pasta it's
really well we have one here Wow how
long does it take to roll it from that
to that
for me yeah you minutes it's like this
is like the mat I put under my son's
high chair all right we're gonna cut
some tag gotelli so all we do is
basically roll this up Wow I like to cut
it really long yeah is that way when you
get it to the table you gotta like do
this to get it on the plate and people
go nuts when they see this they go nuts
Yeah right
okay so tagliatelle this is tagliatelle
the thing that we we get the boxes of
when it comes dry and this is when it
what it looks like fresh and beautiful
and it is freshly beautiful vague yeah
it is fresh and beautiful okay I don't
know watching this I really do Wow
the joy in my life I tell you all right
so you got credit for a tag Attila
bullying yes oh look at that beautiful
just to start this bull and I said this
recipe is 200 years old unchanged little
change we got this 200 years old hundred
years old that learned it from
Alessandra in Bologna Wow and there's a
lot of pork fat in it is this a recipe
that is specific to bolonia this is not
only specific to Bologna it's specific
to one woman in the city ah so you go to
somebody else's house they're gonna tell
you swear up and down to Jesus that if
you don't have it this in this poem yes
it's not baloney I say and you go next
door they tell you something completely
different
all right but this is specific to
Alessandro so we got some ragu know that
you've taken a recipe in order now on TV
not yet little did she knows teaching
this guy and now you're teaching
everyone else around to do it well
that's my responsibility right I see
that is yours pass it on pass it on all
right let's let's eat this yeah I look
like we're not helping at all by the way
you know your job is to eat tapas you
see okay all right great all right so
this pastas so fresh right we're gonna
sell the say the alphabet it's gonna be
ready
which alphabet the Italian or you know
would be great right now it's a nice
glass of camel milk whoo
[Applause]
you make this much of a mess we have a
little bit of parm we're gonna have that
you guys hungry where's the I wish I was
like look under your seats there's
tagliatelle under there I mean I know
this is a weird question but have you
ever taken the tagliatelle and and put
it on your head to pretend you have hair
you want to do that mind if we just give
it a little
[Music]
[Applause]
that's a nice Halloween costume for you
all right
Wow look at that that is Spearman what
do you think of that Oh so the game was
getting closer and closer all of a
sudden yeah I can't I feel this presence
that's just just great it right into his
mustache just right now okay all right
let me serve you okay thank you okay
you're ready mo this is Italian food oh
I love you talent yes
you gotta leave some for Jimmy oh no I
just put a little bit oh that's kind of
mark is it really long really long all
right there we go all right Wow I mean
how many different shapes of pasta can
you make it okay so with hands and a six
and analog tools 155 155 Wow
I know Michelle are there is there room
for any new ones have you ever come up
with a new one not my job no okay I'm a
mouth I am a mouthpiece for a tradition
I see okay very good
all right you guys want to try this yes
we would love to right oh you're moving
bother you but I got to do it again yeah
yeah how is it this is fantastic
okay good yeah okay all right if you
don't mind sharing I'll hold it flip the
stick let's go ahead could be like lady
in the tree yes no kidding it's
certainly on them I'll be lady her oh
there we go
wait mine bite is too big I do this all
the time but I'm on TV now so I gotta be
careful watch you just unhinge your jaw
and you can get anything in there
[Applause]
[Music]
persistence persistence ingredients
that's all you need chef Evan funky
everybody I am Jimmy Kimmel click below
to subscribe to our YouTube channel or
if you want to be that way about it
though